The evil GALACTIC EMPIRE has fallen.
Former imperial military leaders are
scattered and planning the return of the Empire.
Starting a NEW REPUBLIC
has begun to unite the galaxy.
In the lawlessness of the Outer Rim. MANDALORIAN
and his young apprentice GROGU
hunting these imperial fugitives...
Generally speaking. under the Empire
everything was better.
Fortunately. I'm still here.
to protect you.
Your communities can under my
under my protection.
You are one of the lucky few.
But what I provide is expensive.
And I have to maintain it without the support of the Empire.
until the galaxy demands our return.
Long live the Empire!
Good.
Now the bad news.
I'm raising your fees.
But. Your Excellency.
we are operating at a loss.
Trade routes are full of pirates
and thieves ready to strike.
Are you saying that my protection
is inadequate?
No. Your Excellency.
I just want to say that...
Maybe you should go back to your
and look for solutions. not excuses.
Does that sound reasonable?
Sounds like an alarm on the perimeter.
I'm gonna go check it out.
- We've lost contact.
- Go check it out.
You have nothing to worry about.
except reinforcements.
Do we have a financial plan?
Hold on!
Reinforcements! Hurry up!
Provide covering fire.
Return fire!
To the gun!
Long live the Empire!
What are you waiting for? Hop in!
Hold on.
- Is he dead?
- Did we get him?
- We missed. It's down.
- We'll get him.
Fire!
What's going on? Status report.
- Is he liquidated?
- We've lost contact.
Treadmill 3 destroyed.
Send Unit 1.
I understand. Prepare to attack!
Get ready. To the gun.
Charged. Forward.
Report your condition.
Did you get the Mandalorian?
Sound from above.
It's on the roof.
You see him?
Dispose of him!
Above.
We are pilots.
Go. now!
Yes. sir.
Get out!
Place the charges. Prepare to escape.
Yes. sir.
He's trying to open the hatch!
AUTOPILOT.
I know. I know. I have to hit it.
You better bring them to me alive.
How are they doing?
See. you catch the bad guy and he'll tell us.
where the other bad guys are.
Things can go wrong.
Star Wars: The Mandalorian and Grog
Good luck. You'll need it.
Rough sketch. Really rough sketch.
I did what I could.
The problem is that we need information.
Without them. we'll never know.
what the Empire is up to.
Give me time. I'll take out every bad guy
on your list.
This isn't about revenge.
This is about preventing another war.
And protect everything.
that the Rebellion fought for.
It means that under this
I don't get paid?
You'll get paid. Come with me.
Impressive. Where did you get that?
From a captured imperial commander with a large
collection of vintage vehicles.
This is the original state.
Perfectly restored.
I took her for a test flight.
They did a great job on the rebuild.
This has much more value
than the reward for that Imp.
Think of it as a backup for the next mission.
What's the next mission?
Commander Coyne.
Our missing ace up our sleeve.
No one knows what he looks like.
and most people think he's dead.
We don't have much. What's the plan?
I want you to go to Nal Hutta
and meet the Hutts.
They agreed to lead us to him.
What will they get out of it?
Their nephew is being held against his will by another
crime syndicate on the Outer Rim.
They need a professional.
to get him out quickly and quietly.
Where is he?
They will only tell you in person.
Do you have a name?
His name is Rotta Hutt.
The only living heir
of crime boss Jabba the Hutt.
Have you ever crossed his path?
I tried to avoid it.
So. is it?
I only hunt imperial
war criminals.
I don't work for gangsters anymore.
Especially not for the Hutts.
That's right. you're not working. You work for us.
And right now we need.
for you to do this.
If you don't want this job...
Then I have nothing else for you.
Come aboard.
We can have a look around.
Let's hear what the Hutts want.
I'll even let you pilot this time.
I didn't say yes.
But no.
It's original condition. but it's clean.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Don't touch anything.
Never touch those buttons.
Identify yourself.
Request permission to land.
I'm here at the invitation of the twins.
Careful with the steering.
They are waiting for us.
We should be fine.
Permission granted. Approach mode.
Decent firepower!
They must have hired the Droid Gotra.
They don't mess with security.
The Hutts run a criminal
syndicate for millennia.
They rule by treachery and violence.
Be careful.
Maybe we are their guests.
but we're not safe.
We finally get to know
the legendary Mandalorian.
We are glad that you have accepted to work for us.
You will make a fortune.
I work for the New Republic.
You can lead us to imperial
fugitive. Commander Coyne.
Of course. Mando.
Your nephew Rotta has been kidnapped.
Yes. our poor nephew was kidnapped.
He got involved in a bad game.
We are devastated.
Think of your grief.
imagine if your little one disappeared.
What does it look like?
Do you have a picture?
Yeah.
We only have one and it's pretty old.
He has grown up a lot since then.
All right. I'll save your nephew.
Where are they keeping him?
You can find it on the moon Shikari.
So be it.
We're exiting hyperspace
in the Shikari system.
I'm just stating the facts.
You are leaving the jurisdiction of the New Republic.
If it goes wrong. no fighter jets
X-wing won't hit.
I can tell.
Before you go into danger.
check your armor first.
It must sit firmly so that it does not slip.
But not so tight.
that it restricts your movement.
Do you understand?
How's that sit with you?
Okay. Xav.
Drop us off here.
Yes?
One rib for the little one.
I got it. Okay. I got it.
Rebro...
Wow.
That's a pretty impressive note.
I'm not sure if I should get out of this.
Keep the expense.
I'm new here.
I could use some information.
I'll tell you anything you want for that price.
I'm looking for one Hutt.
Shh. Don't say that name.
Don't say that.
You want to kill us both?
Here. keep those credits.
I pay for the food.
Go away.
Thank you.
Well. this never happened.
Let's go. There's nothing to see here.
Cursed Mandalorian. The nerve...
Burning like that in public...
No. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
I don't want your credits.
Of course. I didn't give you
any information.
His name is Rotta.
Really?
What's funny about that?
Yeah.
Everyone knows Rotta.
The guy's a monster.
Yeah.
Rotta! Rotta!
He doesn't look like a prisoner.
Day one. Awanga.
- Have you come to kill me?
- I came to save you.
Why would I need saving?
I was hired by your uncle and aunt.
Yes. I understand. Thank you.
but I don't need saving.
Tomorrow is the last game of my contract
and then my debt will be paid.
I'll be free.
Who are you paying back?
Who is it?
Don't look like that.
That's fine. What's your name?
It doesn't say. Who do you have to pay?
Can I feed him?
Yeah. Who do you have to pay?
Lord Janu.
I don't know that name.
You should. He runs a syndicate
on all months of Shikari.
He took me to his stable.
He financed my board and training.
He's got you in a cage.
Treat me well and after tomorrow's
I'll be my own master.
And thanks to him promoting me.
I'm not just paying off a debt.
but I'll be rich by the solstice.
Grog. don't go in there!
Don't worry. I'm not like my father.
You know how hard it is to be yourself.
when your father is Jabba the Hutt?
See how they're out there cheering for me? Me.
For the first time. I'm not living in his shadow.
That's why I fight in the pits.
They were afraid of him. but they applaud me.
So no. I don't need saving.
Where can I find Lord Jana?
Thank you. We're closing for the day.
What the hell does he want
the damn Mandalorian?
I don't even know what the hell
he was filming and talking about.
I just want to know where I can find
Lord Jane.
Don't say that. Don't say the name.
Stop saying it.
I suggest you calm down.
Please don't kill me.
I have 12 small ones at home. smaller than him.
Much smaller.
Yeah. The thing is...
I'm paying him for protection. okay?
We all do.
Honestly. I can barely survive.
but at least I'm alive.
Who picks for him?
I don't know. Different people come here.
Sometimes they come here. sometimes it
I'll take it. What do I know?
Where to?
Where what?
Where are you taking it?
Sometimes I go to different places.
I mostly go to Soul Bar
under Corvin Station.
and then there are other places.
You know. I rotate it differently.
No. I don't want that. I don't want it.
I didn't give you any information.
I just said something.
It is not for information.
That's on your dime.
I'm looking for Lord Jan.
Maybe you were mistaken.
Maybe you remember it wrong
and you think you know me.
Maybe you just walked in
the wrong door.
Well. I didn't come to buy salt.
Salt? We don't sell salt.
It's rationed.
How much for that ornament on your shoulder?
You would look very handsome in a cage.
I have come to see Lord Jan.
I won't repeat it again.
You seem to have enjoyed today
earned your salt.
I am Janu.
Come to the back and choose a crystal.
Huxbread.
Let the boys clean it up.
Make sure I don't miss any bets.
Be my guest.
Pick one.
Where I come from.
salt has no value.
But here it is worth a small fortune.
Because it's rationed.
From politicians.
Which makes it a rarity.
Just like from you. Mandalorian.
Have you ever considered fighting in the pits?
I try to avoid violence.
Of course it does.
Me too.
What brings you to this business.
if you're not interested in salt?
I want to buy out the contract of one fighter
from your stable.
Maybe you would instead
consider joining my stable.
You can buy a lot of salt with this.
And I'm offering it to you in exchange for a combat
a contract to Rotta Hutta.
My dear. there is no amount that
to buy him out of the last game.
I've been preparing this little prince a lot
cycles. getting him ready for tomorrow's game.
Take the credits.
Even so. it's his last game for you.
It will be his very last game.
I have gathered the deadliest creatures
from across the galaxy.
Will the game be in Dejaric?
Yeah.
Tomorrow he will die.
And only a select few know about it.
Here is my gift to you.
Take those credits.
And bet it all on the death of that Hutt.
All I ask in exchange is that you
to consider fighting in my pit.
The people of Shikari would pay any
price for the rarest sight.
Seeing the legendary Mandalorian
engaged in a blood sport.
This should more than cover
our little misunderstanding out there.
I ask only this.
to consider my offer.
It would make us both very rich.
So it's going to go bad.
- What?
- Janu is planning to kill you.
I'm here to get you out of here.
Tomorrow is my last game.
If I win. I'll be free.
It's rigged. It's a Dejarik match.
He will send opponents against you.
until you die.
Why should I trust you?
My uncle and aunt sent you.
who want me dead.
They want you back. You're an embarrassment to them.
The twins want to kill me because
I'm the heir to the throne. not them.
But I don't want it. I don't want to be
like my father in anything.
When I started fighting.
people booed me.
They wanted to see me die because
I'm Jabba the Hutt's son.
Then I started winning.
I became a champion and they started cheering for me.
They realized that I am not my father.
I am my own master.
I'm not afraid to fight for what I have.
to earn it and prove it to everyone.
Boy. fighting is not a sport.
It's a last resort.
Now come with me.
until things go south.
Guards! He's back!
Get out. Get out of here!
I don't want to fight you.
In that case. hang on!
I'm not here to kill you.
I'm here to save you.
Death! Death!
I give up.
Rotta won.
You owe him your freedom.
Rotta Hutt won.
And as a single now...
dies!
Our only chance is to work together.
- Keep an eye on the little one.
- I know.
- We should get out of here.
- Now.
- Are you okay?
- Don't worry. little one. We're leaving.
- You were right. It was rigged.
- We're gonna get you out of here.
I'll find a ride.
Sorry. Mando. I'm not coming back.
Zed. get a henchman.
Okay. you got me. I had to try.
We're jumping into hyperspace.
Where are you taking me?
It's not safe to leave you in chains.
When I unzip you.
don't do anything stupid. okay?
Are you taking me to Nal Hutta?
This is an old ship.
It's a little messy at times.
My uncle and aunt were afraid of my father.
They were always cruel to me.
Now that they control this empire.
they need to get rid of me.
If you bring me to them. I'm dead.
You can't know that.
If you let me go. they'll never hear from me again.
The galaxy is big. I can disappear into it.
Sorry. kid. They hired me for a job.
I don't understand how you can sleep at night.
when you're working for those beasts.
I don't work for them.
I work for the New Republic.
They hired me. not the Twins.
When I bring you in. they'll give me
Commander Coyne's coordinates.
A high-profile ex-imperial.
operating in the Outer Rim.
Her name is Janu.
The one you are looking for is Janu.
Lord Janu Coyne.
The Hutts will hand him over to you.
It's an ex-imperial.
This is not possible.
The twins would tell me.
I've seen stormtroopers.
Once he took me to his mansion
to celebrate a big win
and there were stormtroopers everywhere.
If you don't believe me and you don't get it now.
you won't get another chance.
Actually. it may already be too late anyway.
Nice story.
Why should I believe you?
You're a bounty hunter.
You know when someone is lying.
Am I lying to you? Or am I telling the truth?
That's it. Jan Coyne's headquarters.
Maybe the boy is telling the truth.
It's crawling with stormtroopers.
How many did you see there?
A lot.
For penetration we will need
a lot more reinforcements.
Mobilize all infantry
on the far side of Shikari.
Follow the Starport
and all the cargo ships.
Push the mayor. Nothing's going to fly away.
until we find them.
The rest are my personal guards.
We'll hit the streets in full armor.
In the case of Mandalorian
I don't want to leave anything to chance.
I've heard a lot about those beasts.
Everything is true.
Imperial Commander Janu Coyne.
on behalf of the New Republic
I will bring you to justice.
I'm afraid we're out of
your jurisdiction.
Get him!
I can keep you warm... or cool you down.
Rotta. come in.
Can anyone hear me?
- I'm ready.
- Start the engines.
We have a company.
I understand.
I can't pilot.
You can?
Neither of us can fly
and I can't even fit in the cockpit.
I understand.
You have to go to the control panel.
You remember the buttons.
that you shouldn't have grabbed?
Now you're going to have to touch them.
Find the ignition relay switch.
It's right next to
the fuel gauge
differential. between the pump pressure gauge
and the primary backup valve.
No!
Don't grab the rocket battery switch.
That's why there's a fuse on it.
Do you see the fuel level display?
Remember. I showed you that one.
It is on the other side of the calibration
of manual control of surfaces...
I don't think he knows what he's doing.
Get down.
Move forward.
They're shooting at you too.
Nice work. buddy. Buckle up.
He's great.
Come on. come on.
Leave the atmosphere and jump!
I understand. We need to bypass the limiters.
This old junk is going to kill us.
I need more power.
Turn off the security panels.
so I can turn off the limiter.
How? I'm a pilot. not a mechanic.
Just rip out the whole control board.
- Is everything all right up there?
- Amazing.
I told you to buckle up.
Always fasten your seat belt.
Here we go!
How come he looks like a Hutt?
This is Imperial Commander Janu Coyne.
It is full of information
and he'll sing to us like Yazam.
Isn't that right. Coyne?
I demand a lawyer. otherwise I refuse
to answer questions.
You see? It's full of secrets.
You should have brought Rotta.
We had a deal with the Twins.
This is your real win.
This is the one to which
you were meant to be led to.
And then they would have warned him. betrayed you
and grab the credits from both of them.
Get him out of here.
Intelligence was building relationships
with the Hutts for a very long time.
And you set them up.
The twins are vengeful.
I decided.
I have brought you the grand prize.
May the twins rot in hell.
You missed out on a huge reward that
they would have paid you for your nephew.
So be it.
I'm going to try to get out of command
some kind of bounty on Coyne.
No problem. I'm paying for this round.
It was rough out here.
I'm taking the day off.
I understand.
Mando... good job.
We remove the restriction plates.
The first one should be right behind the return pipe.
That's it. There should be three more.
Thanks for coming.
I would like to make some
performance adjustments.
I need to get rid of the ballast for more speed.
Choose everything.
that doesn't propel her forward.
- Hands off!
- Stay there.
- Terrible woman.
- Bad bastard.
Stay.
I cleaned the fuel lines. I want
to remove the restrictors and loosen the exhaust.
- No problem.
- I understand.
Yes. I understand.
No problem.
Do you want to go help them?
You promise to be good?
Good. Go.
Don't worry about him.
The little one can handle it.
I'm sorry. I found it in your kitchen.
At his age. I was already alone.
I had to take care of myself.
He's lucky to have you.
Well. you didn't do too badly.
Life is rough. but we do what we can.
I called a gun smuggler who
agreed to get you out of the system.
We both know the Twins will be looking for you.
so don't stay in one place.
Thank you. Mando.
In love and war everything is permitted.
Keep a low profile. Your name
on my list anymore.
You have my word.
Take care of yourself. little one.
And keep an eye on your old man. too. okay?
Here you go. Take some of these.
We'll save the rest for later.
Get up.
Someone is there.
- Is it morning already?
- Quiet.
Under the floor.
Wait here.
When I give you the signal. run.
Help! Help! He got me!
Keibu.
Forward. forward.
Did you get the Mandalorian?
Good. Bring him to Nal Hutta.
Help! Help!
Let him go.
Hey. you hungry?
You want a treat?
Here you go.
Good girl.
Come quickly.
Who hired you?
Was it the Hutts?
Well. if it was the Hutts. I'd make sure
they pay you what you deserve.
But I suppose Akizo is
smart enough to get money out of them.
NAL HUTTA
The Hutts are here. I don't like this.
I'm coming.
Don't worry. little one. It'll be all right.
Come on.
That's me. There you are.
You found me!
We thought you were dead.
The Mandalorian saved me.
The field. It's that.
We need to find him and bring him back to the child.
The monster. the giant dog.
He caught me and...
Mando is there. in the palace.
Go upstairs.
Come on. little one. You can do it.
That's a big pipe. isn't it?
Spot on. little one.
Pay the hunter.
You broke our agreement.
You will have to pay for it.
Bring me his helmet.
Mandalorian steel has on black
market at a very high price.
But the real prize is consciousness.
that you will forever be humiliated.
We know the Mandalorian credo.
You will be exiled for it.
for having your face seen by the enemy.
Unless you all die.
We will be happy to watch.
as your fighting spirit breaks.
Beasts.
You did this to him.
Rotta would die in peace.
but you betrayed us.
That is why he will suffer for centuries.
The Hutts have lived for hundreds of years.
Like that poor green baby of yours.
One day you die and Grog
will no longer have a protector.
It will be his turn to suffer.
You've amused us.
This is your reward.
Where to?
Even if you win. you will die poisoned.
Get out of there!
Let's go. Quick!
Wait!
Are you okay?
- How did you get here?
- By boat.
Tadeto. Let's go!
Send in the droids! Release Amani!
He must not escape!
This way. Yes. that way.
- This way!
- Down the stairs.
Hold on!
I don't want to fall.
Okay. let's go!
Run. boy. I can't fit in this.
But you have to leave.
Don't worry. I'll be right behind you.
Run. I'll hold them off.
We'll be back. Mando.
Come on. little one.
We'll be back.
Let's go.
Hurry up. kid.
Goodbye. boy.
No life form has been detected.
He thinks you stole my fish.
I'm guessing you're not local.
A bite like you should pay more attention.
You seem to be at the bottom
of the Nal Hutta food chain.
I'm surprised you haven't finished
on Hutt's table as dinner.
You've heard of the Hutts. right?
Are you scared? You should be.
If they were given the chance.
they'd eat you alive.
Work your way out of here.
Hey. away from my fish.
Keibu.
Hunter says you have a partner.
Supposedly. you two escaped the Twins.
Wow. that's impressive.
He says your partner's in a bad way.
He was bitten by a dragon snake. He's poisoned.
I want you to give him this.
But you should know.
it may be too late.
And it's quite possible he won't wake up again.
Either way. the best you can do.
is to make him comfortable.
Sometimes there comes a time when we have to say goodbye.
I wish you luck. little traveller.
The old protect the young
and then the young protect the old.
This is the Way.
How do we get off this planet?
That's the smuggler who was carrying Rotta.
So. little one. The way I see it.
we have two choices.
We can use this ship and escape.
Maybe that will buy us some time.
A little peace.
But the Hutts will still come after us.
Just like they went after Rott.
So. are we gonna miss it?
Or are we going to fight?
Push those intruders!
Protect the palace!
Fire!
Come...
Wait. We know a lot about it.
Go help Rott.
You've seen my face.
Freeze!
It's time to die.
Leave him alone!
Jabba won't protect you anymore.
I'm not a child anymore!
Stop it! Stop it! They'll kill us all for you!
Save us. hunter! Save us!
Time is running out. We have to leave.
Is there another way out of here?
- I think this way.
- Quick!
Target in sight.
- Hello?
- Mando! We're back.
- What?
- We're back.
As promised.
Adelphi Squadron. entering atmosphere.
- Mando?
- We're under attack.
There are too many of them.
Fire all you have at my position.
- Your position?
- Yes. my position.
I can't issue such an order.
Don't worry.
By the time you do. we'll be gone.
Good luck.
Blue squadron leader. defensive formation.
prepare to attack.
Weapons at the ready.
I understand.
Enemy fighters are approaching.
There they are.
Turbolasers straight ahead.
I understand.
I have one behind me.
I got your back.
I'll destroy those launchers.
Blue leader for Red Jammer. target him.
Focus.
Dead end.
We are trapped.
Back up.
We are fast approaching.
I repeat. we are fast approaching.
Are you gone. Mando?
Jump.
This is suicide.
The goal is approaching.
- Jump.
- It's not deep.
It's no big deal. Jump.
Let's blow it up.
You see Manda?
There they are.
Fly for them.
I'm sick of these emergency evacuations.
It took you long enough.
Get in.
We're going home.
Colonel.
It was rough.
Very rough.
You didn't have to come here.
You were telling the truth.
Coyne confessed to everything.
The twins played a game with us.
They were informing on the Empire.
They chose a side. Not ours.
And we... we don't abandon our own.
I'm an independent.
Of course. Mando. Of course. Mando.
You want me to drop you off somewhere?
I was thinking of staying here.
I will work for the New Republic.
Nothing wrong with that. but it's hard to fit in.
Actually. I might have a uniform
in his size.
Come on. I'll buy you a drink.
Thanks. Mando. I owe you one.
I did my job.
Take good care of him.
Your father is a really good man.
Come on. big guy.
Watch out. I'm paying for this round.
Come here. little one.
Your turn.
Now it's up to you.
Slovak subtitles by Nikola Veresova
www.Opensubtitles.org
Star Wars: The Mandalorian and Grog